laugh
Duan Lao, if you don't help me, I won't force you.
I'm going up the mountain now
I'll ask my master to make it clear.
Okay, sir, you will harm your master by doing this.
Hurt yourself
Since you won't help me
Don't worry about my business anymore
Keep going, don't be impulsive
Can't beat them
Dr. Ye
Dad, you have offended Yiren's life
What do you know?
I don't want him to die
Ah, I saved you.
Knowing that he saved my life
But if I tell him the truth
It wasn't me.
Our entire Duan family will be doomed
Our Duan family is the richest man in Nancheng
And the people we are afraid of, what is our family?
Compared to the four families, we are an ant
They can kill us anytime
What should I do then?
We'll do nothing.
Don't say that
Since he entered our house
It is destined that our Duan family will not be peaceful
The entire South City
It won't be comfortable